6.6.6.0 (#35)
shopware/release-notes: src/6.6/6.6.6.0.md

Therefore we introduced a new method `getNestingLevel` to the Criteria object to determine the nesting level of the association. This is now used in the `SalesChannelProductDefinition` to add only the assosiations when the nesting level is 0.

This restores the behaviour before the security update, but still adds the filters required by the security update. This has been also backported to the Security plugin.

## Data Abstraction Layer improvements

- Fixed a bug where an `GROUP BY` clause was missing when a assosication has been loaded with an group field.
- Fixed a bug that it is not possible to create a many to many association to the same entity and add filters to the Criteria field.

## Property Search in Administration now allows to search for group

The property search to add new properties to an product now supports to search for the group name of the property. Additionally, the search is now correctly ranked by the relevance of the search term.

### Screenreader improvements for product listing and listing filters

> With this version, we added new include parameters to our listing and filter components in the storefront. These suppose to improve acessibility when using screen readers. For example, we added the `ariaLabel` parameter to all of our filter components which can be used to add a descritpion of the purpose of this filter for screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this version, we added new include parameters to our listing and filter components in the storefront. These suppose to improve accessibility when using screen readers. For example, we added the `ariaLabel` parameter to all of our filter components which can be used to add a description of the purpose of this filter for screen readers.
```
